(GH-2633) Add Bolt Task directory to PSModulePath (#2633)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/writing_tasks.md

Ran on 1 target in 0.12 seconds
```

### PowerShell example

Create task and metadata in a new module at
`~/.puppetlabs/bolt/site-modules/mymodule/tasks/mytask.{json,ps1}`.

**Metadata**

```json
{
  "files": ["powershell_task_helper/files/boltpwsh"],
  "input_method": "powershell"
}
```

**Task**

```powershell
#!/usr/bin/env pwsh
[CmdletBinding()]
param (
  # Name or list of SCCM Trigger to run
  [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
  [string]$Name
)

<#

> If using PowerShell 3.0, you will need to add an import statement here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using PowerShell 3.0, add an import statement here:
```

Import-Module BoltPwshHelper
#>
​
Write-BoltResult -Result @{ greeting = "Hi, my name is ${name}" }
```

> > Note: Bolt automatically adds your task directory to the `$env:PSModulePath`, so PowerShell module auto loading will work without having to write out the import statement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: You don't have to write an import statement to load your PowerShell module. 
  Bolt automatically loads the module by adding your task directory to 
  `$env:PSModulePath`.
```

Ran on 1 target in 0.12 seconds
```

### PowerShell example

Create task and metadata in a new module at

> `~/.puppetlabs/bolt/site-modules/mymodule/tasks/mytask.{json,ps1}`.

Author: This was a copy pasta from the ruby/python example so we have more to change

**Metadata**

```json
{

>   "files": ["powershell_task_helper/files/boltpwsh"],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "files": ["powershell_task_helper/files/BoltPwshHelper/"],
```

  "input_method": "powershell"

> }

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "parameters": {
    "name": {
      "description": "Name or list of SCCM Trigger to run",
      "type": "String"
    }
  }
}
```

Metadata needs to list the parameters the task accepts.

```

**Task**

```powershell
#!/usr/bin/env pwsh
[CmdletBinding()]
param (
  # Name or list of SCCM Trigger to run
  [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
  [string]$Name
)

<#
If using PowerShell 3.0, add an import statement here:
Import-Module BoltPwshHelper
#>
​
trap {
  Write-Error -Message "Generic trap handler" -Exception $_
}
```

> > **Note**: You don't have to write an import statement to load your PowerShell module. 
>   Bolt automatically loads the module by adding your task directory to 
>   `$env:PSModulePath`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: If you're using a version of PowerShell more recent than 3.0, 
  you don't have to write an import statement to load your PowerShell module. 
  Bolt automatically loads the module by adding your task directory to 
  `$env:PSModulePath`.
```

Ran on 1 target in 0.12 seconds
```

### PowerShell example

Create task and metadata in your project at

> `<PROJECT>/tasks/mytask.{json,ps1}`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`<PROJECT DIRECTORY>/tasks/mytask.{json,ps1}`.
```
Asked about this on one of Tom's PRs too - we standardized on this a few months ago, but I'm not sure if `PROJECT` is better....

**Metadata**

```json
{
  "files": [
    "powershell_task_helper/files/BoltPwshHelper/"
  ],
  "input_method": "powershell"
  "parameters": {
    "name": {
      "description": "Name or list of SCCM Trigger to run",
      "type": "String"
    }
  }
}
```

**Task**

```powershell
#!/usr/bin/env pwsh
[CmdletBinding()]
param (
  # Name or list of SCCM Trigger to run
  [Parameter(Mandatory=$true)]
  [string]$Name
)

<#
If using PowerShell 3.0, add an import statement here:
Import-Module BoltPwshHelper
#>
​
trap {
  Write-BoltError -Message "Generic trap handler" -Exception $_

> }

Reviewer 2: We should use the complete task and metadata example from https://github.com/jpogran/puppetlabs-powershell_task_helper/tree/pwsh-content/examples , since this example doesn't produce the output shown below.

Author: Updated
